adjust version numbers (#547)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/retail/pages/retail-install-packages.adoc

== Install the {susemgr} server

> For instructions to install {susemgr}, see https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager-4/4.0/suse-manager/installation/install-intro.html.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be an xref?

```suggestion
For instructions to install {susemgr}, see xref:installation:install-intro.adoc[].
```

== Configure the {susemgr} server

It is important that all required SUSE channels are available on your system and synchronized in order for {smr} to operate correctly.

> For more information on channel management, see https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager-4/4.0/suse-manager/administration/channel-management.html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on channel management, see xref:administration:channel-management.adoc[].
```

After you have synchronized the required SUSE channels, create channels for any custom software.
Channels are used to provide custom software for OS image building.

> For more information on software channels, see https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager-4/4.0/suse-manager/reference/software/software-menu.html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on software channels, see xref:reference:software/software-menu.adoc[].
```
